Edit pull request title Copilot step (#10722)
braze-inc/braze-docs: .github/copilot-instructions.md

## Pull request titles

> The title of the pull request should always match the corresponding issue title, which includes the pre-pended ticket number in the title as `[BD-NUMBER]` where `NUMBER` is the Jira ticket number listed in the corresponding issue. An example PR request title is: `[BD-5016]: Update behaviour on link shortening when used with universal link`.

Author: ```suggestion
The title of the pull request should always match the corresponding GitHub issue title, which includes the pre-pended ticket number in the title as `[BD-NUMBER]` where `NUMBER` is the Jira ticket number listed in the corresponding issue. An example PR request title is: `[BD-5016]: Update behaviour on link shortening when used with universal link`.
```

Author: @rachel-feinberg Do we think this would help clarify so Copilot won't take the example and run with it...? 🤔

Reviewer: I think that'd help! Maybe @ttsaiveerappan also has an idea of what would work well 🤔

> The title of the pull request should always match the corresponding issue title, which includes the pre-pended ticket number in the title as `[BD-NUMBER]` where `NUMBER` is the Jira ticket number listed in the corresponding issue. An example PR request title is: `[BD-5016]: Update behaviour on link shortening when used with universal link`.

Author: ```suggestion
The title of the pull request should always match the corresponding issue title.

1. Retrieve the corresponding issue’s title from the GitHub context (issue.title).
2. Set the pull request title to exactly match issue.title (PR title := issue.title)
3. Do not hardcode, paraphrase, or insert example text. Preserve the title exactly as written, including the pre-pended Jira ticket number in the format [BD-NUMBER] if present.
4. If no linked issue is found or issue.title is empty, stop and prompt for a valid issue with a properly formatted title.
```
